NOTE: These are the requirements that I have chosen to cover.

Digital Technology Merit Badge Requirements

1. View the Personal Safety Awareness "Digital Safety" video.

2. Do the following:
	a. Give a brief history of the changes in digital technology over time. Discuss with your conselor how digital technology in your lifetime compares with that of your parent's, grandparent's or other adult's lifetime.
	b. Describe what kinds of computers of devices you imagine might be aviable when you are an adult.

3. Do the following:
	a. Explain to your conselor how text, sound, and pictures and digitized for storage.
	b. Describe the difference between lossy and lossless data compression, and give an example where each might be used.
	c. Describe two digital devices and how they are made more useful by their programming.
	d. Discuss the similarities and differences between computers, mobile devices, and gaming consoles.
	e. Explain what a computer network is and the difference between a LAN versus a WAN.

4. Do the following:
	a. Explain what an "app" is and how a computer uses a CPU and memory to exectute it.
	b. Name four software programs or mobile apps you or your family use, and explain how each one helps you.
	c. Describe what malware is, and explain how to protect your digital devices and the information sstored on them.

5. Do the following:
	a. Describe at least two different ways data can be transferred through the internet.
	b. Using an internet search engine (with a parent or guardian's permission), find ideas from at least three different websites about how to conduct a troop court of honor or campfire program. Present the ideas to your conselor and explain how you used a search engine to find this information.
	c. Use a web browser to connect to an HTTPS website (with a parent or guardian's permission)

6. Do the following:
	a. Using a spreadsheet or database program, develop a food budget for a patrol weekend campout.
	g. Create a blog and use it as on online journal of your Scouting activities, including group discussions and meetings, campouts, and other events. Include at least five entries and two photographs or illustrations. Share your blog with your conselor.
	h. Create a webpage for your troop. Include at least three articles and two photographs or illustrations. Include at least one link to a website of interest to your audience.

7. Do the following:
	a. Explain to your conselor each of these protections and why they exist: copyright, patents, trademarks, trade secrets.
	b. Explain when it is permissible to accept a free copy of a program from a friend.
	c. Discuss with your conselor an article of a report on the internet about a recent legal case inolving an intellectual property dispute.

8. Do the following:
	a. Describe why it is important to properly dispose of digital technology. List at least three dangerious chemicals that could be used to create digital devices or used inside a digital device.
	b. Explain to your conselor what is required to become a certified recycler of digital technology hardware of devices.

9. Do the following:
	a. Investigate three career opportunities that involve digital technology. Pick one and find out the education, training, and experience required for this profession. Discuss this with your conselor, and explain why this profession might interest you.
